fix issueJson parameter bug in jira-create-issue command (#12095)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/1_3_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2

> - Fixed an issue in **jira-create-issue** command when 'issueJson' parameter was not working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***jira-create-issue*** command where the *issueJson* parameter was not working correctly.
```
